Week of 4/12-4/18 - This week we focused on finishing up our design of our project, as well as fully completing our proposal. We were pretty successful in accomplishing the revisions we made on our proposal, we added a more viable algorithm that we were missing from our original draft of the proposal. In addition, we began our structure of the graph header file that we are aiming to use for our graph.cpp file and the implementation of our graph. Equally, we also started our airport header file and associated airport.cpp to begin the framework of our code and various implementations and functions such as the Airport function that takes in the coordinates, name and routes of specific airports. 

Week of 4/19-4/25 - This week we expanded upon our graph and airport files, we further fleshed out our functions and their implementations. Specifically in implementing the operators for BFS, ie operator++ and operator!=. In addition, we have started working on our Dijkstra's algorithm implementation where we have a good amount of logic and pseudo code written down and should be ready by 4/26. We unfortunately ran into some trouble with the data having errors and generating outputs that had a value we made to be the placeholder for null or missing values, for some reason it was somewhat consistent with specific values but still happened randomly. We are currently using python to parse and clean our data to prevent these problems with our data. 

Week of 4/26-5/2 - This week we began to work on making various test cases for our project, as well as we fixed a bug we had the prior week in BFS. We began work on our test cases with a series of test files as well as adding a catch file. We ran into some trouble with the implementation of make, catch and test. But we managed to get the makefile to work and were able to write a test case around the length of our routes. We also are finishing up Dijkstra's algorithm this week with the implementation of the Waypoint class in the nearest neighbor function, which has gone through multiple changes between needing two Airport references, two Airport ID integers, and then back to the two airport references. 

Week of 5/3-5/11 - This week we began to finalize a lot of our code and design. We switched out our Betweenness Centrality Algorithm for an A* Search Algorithm since we believe that it would be a nice help with Dijkstra's and helps adjust the distance accordingly. In addition, we successfully implemented Dijkstra's and A* Search to find the nearest airport. Most importantly this week, we have wrapped up development on our base code and have successfully completed our goals and leading question for this project with being able to take in two airports' IDs and generate the paths between the airports and create the shortest distance. As part of this, we have moved to making more test cases that test our inputs with different scenarios such as testing if Dijkstra's generates the correct nearest path as well as testing A*. 
